Added EmberFest 2021 talks (#1761)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: _appearances/2021-09-30-emberfest-2021/appearances/universal-design-systems-the-ember-way.md

---
title: 'Using Ember to build a universal design system'
image: '/assets/images/talks/2021-09-30-emberfest-2021/universal-design-systems-the-ember-way.png'
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmspW-tqV8A
media: video
---

With Ember being HTML-First, doors open to new possibilities. Chris Manson

> explores the opportunity of building a #designsystem with Ember that can also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explores the opportunity of building a design system with Ember that can also be
```

> consumed by apps that are not using JavaScript in this talk from EmberFest 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consumed by apps that are not using JavaScript in his talk.
```
